Week 1:

Formed groups. Decided on project 3. Had some discussion about tech stack and architecture to use.
Joined/Created github, jira and confluence groups. Made ER diagram of database structure.

Week 2:
Discussed epics, wrote down some epics. Agreed on tech stack. Started to configure tech stack for intial push to github.

Week 3:
Continue to configure app setup and text stack (alot of dev ops and app config). Eventually got app to a working point. 
Wrote several epics and contributed to project proposal in several sections (background, refined most epics). Completed user creation of
properties.

Week 4:
Helped add some stories to epics for sprints. Wrote docs about Laravel and the app framework to help teammates orient themselves and
fastrack their learning.

Week 5: 
Had to help some teammates with their tasks (as their tasks blocked my tasks). Helped nathan over discord to code a property display and gave suggestions as to how we would provide individual pages to the properties. Did some testing of other teammates work and begun some work on my assigned tasks.

Week 6:
After Andy merged the others work into a single branch i checked everyones work. Also helped solve some merge conflicts with my own work. Built review pages for tennants and owners. Built a place where users can submit reviews. Built database structures to hold reviews. Built places where reviews would be displayed on user and property pages. Tidied up the UI abit. Integrated booking into the property page.

Week 7:
Helped nathan over discord to code in google autocomplete and google maps into our website to provide accurate geographical information
for our properties. Completed work on edit forms for properties and also helped to finalize image uploads on property creation. 

Week 8:
Cleaned up ui, providing links for user and property pages. Reworked bookings to have approval and denial process. Reworked search such that we are able to search on a variety of options in combination. Additionally added a geographical search tool.

Week 9:
Helped nathan with logging user data for our analytics exports. Created exports page and built .csv downloads for the export page. Communicated with andy to defined the permissions an advertiser account should have.

Week 10:
Fixed some bugs and did some changes post-presentation to finalize our product. These changes were mainly feedback from our instructor.
